                     AutoHTML System Outline

In ~csci/templates store a basic file structure for a faculty website, not
including the "personal" directory.  This would include a semester file 
structure and a class file structure.  Unpersonalized autoHTML files for each
type of automatically managed HTML page would be included as well.

Provide a script (non-cgi) in ~csci/bin to create basic file structure for 
website, not including semester directories.  Any existing files in the user's 
public_html are placed in a subdirectory called "personal" (but should be
warned, with abort allowed).  This script must be run from the user's own
account, so that it will have necessary permissions.  This will result in
(among other things) a personal cgi-bin containing an HTML password protected
"maintenance" directory, which includes:
* an .htaccess file to restrict HTML access to this directory to only one user
  (the instructor)
* a password file used by the .htaccess file
* a data file containing the unix account userid of this instructor
* the scripts for creating various autoHTML pages, so that when they are run by
  suEXEC they will be able to create and modify non-publicly writable web pages
  for that instructor.  
* web pages used to invoke the autoHTML scripts
It would need to ask the userid of the instructor (web pages would not be per-
sonalized by this script), along with a password to be used for HTML access to
the "maintenance" directory.  It would be executable by any faculty member.

Provide a script (non-cgi) in cgi-bin/maintenance to create basic file struc-
ture for a particular semester.  It would need to obtain the the userid of the
instructor (from data file) and ask for the semester ID, as well as the course
numbers of any classes to be initially included in the structure.  If it con-
flicts with an existing class, it should abort.  It should only be executable
by the owner.

Provide a script (non-cgi) in cgi-bin/maintenance to create basic file struc-
ture for a particular class.  It would need to obtain the the userid of the
instructor (from data file) and ask for the course number of the class.  If it
conflicts with an existing class, it should abort.  It should only be execut-
able by the owner.

Provide a script (non-cgi) on ~csci to remove the file structure for a par-
ticular class.  It would need to obtain the the userid of the instructor (from
data file) and ask for the course number of the class.  Very dangerous --
should be warned/protected.  It should only be executable by the owner.

Instructor's cgi-bin/maintenance directory contains scripts to modify a Home
page, Resume page, Class page, Syllabus page, Schedule page, ReadingList page,
Lectures page, DemoMaterials page, and Assignment page.  The PastAnnouncements
page will ideally be updated when announcements are added in the Class page
script, but it might be good to also have a PastAnnouncements page script.
They will not create these pages (they should have been created by non-cgi
scripts earlier).  Each of these scripts would need to be passed the class
number and semester ID (to identify where the autoHTML file is stored).  The
userid of the instructor would be obtained from a data file also stored in the
cgi-bin/maintenance directory.

Instructor's cgi-bin/maintanance directory contains a web page to invoke its
scripts.  It would feature a FORM with select lists to choose class numbers,
semester ID's, and type of web page to be modified.
